After you finish 100 youll be close to 5000 and 7500
And will have a bunch of Amo to start promoting again


1. X - Highlight event list page functionality
2. X - Add that functionality to remaining pages (tvcu and market square)
3. X - Underline external website links on card
4. X - Remove stupidity from affiliate page
5. X - limit character spacing affiliate page links and increase font size
6. X - Add book emoji, change from local bookshelf to just bookshelf
7. X - standardize event list pages layouts
8. X - blogpostlayout width increase to 4xl

9. X - remove mas comma's from affiliate page add disclaimer line
10. X - Add ghost gift store page
11. X - add tag links to event posts
12. X - Make # pink on card and blog post links
13. X - Move nav into its own component for reusability

14. X - Add photos to all bookshelf posts
15. X - Author, published year, chattanooga relation
17. X - Author, published year, chattanooga relation
18. X - Author, published year, chattanooga relation
19. X - Author, published year, chattanooga relation
20. X - Author, published year, chattanooga relation
21. X - Author, published year, chattanooga relation
22. X - audit book links
23. update spacing and title size
16. - update mobile view
17. - update local authors section to match
18. - Add new book 1
18. - Add new book 2
19. - Add one new author
17. - remove over the top language

Options:
Projects:
  - Finish bookshelf
  - Affiliate disclosure, motivations, attributes sidenav pages
  - Add facebook follow link and side nav next to search 
  - Gifts page builout (large)
  - Get LLC

- Affiliate disclosure, motivations, attributes sidenav pages
- show multi event titles on card
- Move it to an object (eventsDetails: [{}])
- All calendar filter and store filter navigation
- Add the library book store sale
- list tags and links to tags in blog post of event
- add calendar integrations (this is 2 or 3 separate updates)
- write 5 posts and then add acordion (or other) navigation to them on homepage? or just link to a posts page
